---
layout: post
title: About me
---

<picture id="portrait-container">
  <source srcset="assets/images/portrait.webp">
  <img
    id="portrait"
    src="assets/images/portrait.jpg"
    alt="My portrait photo." >
</picture>

Hi! My name is Maria Szegedy. Most of my work skills involve either molecules or
computers; sometimes both. Having only recently graduated university, I haven't
held a steady job yet, but I've done plenty of freelance and pro bono work here
and there, even before graduation.

I've lived in a lot of places and I'm part of a lot of cultures. I tend to use
food, art, or stories as a way of connecting with new people I meet, because
everyone has those and they're fun to trade. I'm not just here to do my job; I'm
here to make friends with everyone I can, because I have learned that you should
never turn down an opportunity to get to know others better, and because being
surrounded by people who you understand and who understand you is healthy for a
work environment.

Currently, I live in New Jersey, where I've lived on and off for all my life,
but I aspire to move to the UK eventually, where my loved ones are. Having spent
a lot of my life on the road, I don't fear change, don't fear travel, and don't
fear being stuck between worlds. If you need someone to plan trips or move
house, I'm your girl. That said, I _am_ looking for stable employment with good
benefits. I'm tired of not knowing where next month's rent is coming from.

My most successful hobby is cooking. I learned to cook from Hungarians and a
Southern Chinese chef, so, that is the sort of food I cook. The products of my
efforts are hailed as very tasty and authentic by Chinese and Hungarians alike.
Years from now, once I have gathered savings, I would like to open a noodle bar
and bubble tea shop in Scotland. It is my greatest dream to always have tasty
food and bubble tea, and to share it with others.

Other hobbies of mine include various kinds of art. I make Discord emojis often
(someone out there actually has a tattoo of one of those, which feels weird),
and I have started video game projects again and again but never had enough
stability in my life to finish them. I also write [a web
serial,](https://mszegedy.github.io/plea) based on my experiences in Berkeley
and Western Siberia. I hope once my situation is less chaotic, I will be able to
devote more effort to these things.
